Achilles
========

![Achilles](http://i.imgur.com/3XsRRVV.png)

[Watch the game in action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=on2q2Y1Xjvw)

Water Jam
=========

Achilles is a game written in 48 hours as an entry for the 2014
[CivicHacks](http://civichacks.org) Game Jam.

The goal was to raise awareness of the global water crisis and ultimately
promote [PackH2O](http://www.packh2o.com/), a Columbus-based startup that
designs water backpacks for developing water-stressed regions.

The game
========

Achilles is a multiplayer text-based simulation. You the player must manage
a village in a third-world country experiencing a water crisis.

Technology
==========

The backend is written in Python using [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/),
[gevent](http://gevent.org/), and WebSockets. The frontend is HTML5 using
[jQuery](http://jquery.com/) and
[Mustache.js](https://github.com/janl/mustache.js).

The MIT License (MIT)
---------------------

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
